There have been some hiccups, and
the most notable one was last year,
April 4, 2014, there were 11
million people in Washington,
Oregon, California, Illinois,
that could not make 911 calls.
They were just getting a busy tone.
And it took FCC a year to do the audit,
and
they reported August 2015 that it was just
a simple, very simple software glitch.
It was a hard-coded number.
Once the switch which
certain number of calls,
they're just getting dropped on the floor.
The surprising thing was it
took almost six hours to find
the switches where this was happening and
remedy the thing.
And for emergency services,
their people rely on this very, very much.
It was a very big blow for the operators
and the companies that they outsource,
managing the 911 system.